Kafka, MongoDB, Redis: Publish templated connectors (#324)
mulesoft/docs-connectors: modules/ROOT/pages/kafka/kafka-connector-reference.adoc

= Apache Kafka Connector Reference
ifndef::env-site,env-github[]
include::_attributes.adoc[]
endif::[]

Support Category: Select

Apache Kafka Connector v3.0

== Configurations
---
[[kafka-consumer-config]]
=== Consumer configuration

==== Parameters
[%header,cols="20s,20a,35a,20a,5a"]
|===
| Name | Type | Description | Default Value | Required
|Name | String | The name for this configuration. Connectors reference the configuration with this name. | | x
| Connection a| * <<kafka-consumer-config_basic-kafka-consumer-connection, Kafka Basic Consumer Connection>> 
* <<kafka-consumer-config_kerberos-kafka-consumer-connection, Kafka Kerberos Consumer Connection>> 

> * <<kafka-consumer-config_kerberos-ssl-kafka-consumer-connection, Kafka Kerbero SSL Consumer Connection>> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* <<kafka-consumer-config_kerberos-ssl-kafka-consumer-connection, Kafka Kerberos SSL Consumer Connection>> 
```

* <<kafka-consumer-config_ssl-kafka-consumer-connection, Kafka SSL Consumer Connection>> 
 | The connection types to provide to this configuration. | | x

> | Expiration Policy a| <<ExpirationPolicy>> |  Configures the minimum amount of time that a dynamic configuration instance can remain idle before the runtime considers it eligible for expiration. This does not mean that the platform expires the instance at the exact moment that it becomes eligible. The runtime purges the instances when it sees fit. |  | 

Reviewer: The runtime purges the instances when it sees fit. 

"when it sees fit" isn't translation friendly. And what runtime? Mule? What about something like: 
The instance might be purged at a later time. 
or
Mule will purge the instance when it is appropriate. 
or 
Mule might choose to purge the instance at a later time. 

It's a tough one...

Author: Went with:
Mule purges the instances as appropriate.

====== Parameters
[%header,cols="20s,20a,35a,20a,5a"]
|===
| Name | Type | Description | Default Value | Required
| Consumer Partitions a| Number |  The number of partitions to use for the consumer. |  1 | 
| Group Id a| String |  A unique string that identifies the consumer group this consumer belongs to. |  | x
| Bootstrap Servers a| String |  Comma-separated host-port pairs used for establishing the initial connection to the Kafka cluster. The same as the `bootstrap.servers` value you must provide to Kafka clients (producer/consumer). |  | x
| Additional Properties a| Object |  Additional properties such as a key and value that you need for your connection. |  | 

> | Reconnection a| <<Reconnection>> |  When the application is deployed, a connectivity test is performed on all connectors. If set to true, deployment fails if the test doesn't pass after exhausting the associated reconnection strategy. |  | 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Reconnection a| <<Reconnection>> |  When the application is deployed, a connectivity test is performed on all connectors. If set to `true`, deployment fails if the test doesn't pass after exhausting the associated reconnection strategy. |  | 
```

| Additional Properties a| Object |  Additional properties such as a key and value that you need for your connection. |  | 
| Reconnection a| <<Reconnection>> |  When the application is deployed, a connectivity test is performed on all connectors. If set to true, deployment fails if the test doesn't pass after exhausting the associated reconnection strategy. |  | 
| Kerberos Config File a| String |  Kerberos configuration file. The essential Kerberos configuration information is the default realm and the default KDC. |  | 
| Principal a| String |  Kerberos principal |  | x
| Keytab a| String |  Path to keytab file associated with "principal". |  | x
| Service Name a| String |  The Kerberos principal name that Kafka Broker runs as. |  | x
| Additional JAAS Properties a| Object |  Additional properties such as a key and value that you need to set in `sasl.jaas.config` and that you usually include in the JAAS configuration file. |  | 
|===
[[kafka-consumer-config_kerberos-ssl-kafka-consumer-connection]]

> ===== Kafka Kerbero SSL Consumer Connection

Reviewer: ```suggestion
===== Kafka Kerberos SSL Consumer Connection
```

====== Parameters
[%header,cols="20s,20a,35a,20a,5a"]
|===
| Name | Type | Description | Default Value | Required
| Consumer Partitions a| Number |  The number of partitions to use for the consumer. |  1 | 
| Group Id a| String |  A unique string that identifies the consumer group this consumer belongs to. |  | x
| Bootstrap Servers a| String |  Comma-separated host-port pairs used for establishing the initial connection to the Kafka cluster. The same as the `bootstrap.servers` value you must provide to Kafka clients (producer/consumer). |  | x
| Additional Properties a| Object |  Additional properties such as a key and value that you need for your connection. |  | 

> | Reconnection a| <<Reconnection>> |  When the application is deployed, a connectivity test is performed on all connectors. If set to true, deployment fails if the test doesn't pass after exhausting the associated reconnection strategy. |  | 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Reconnection a| <<Reconnection>> |  When the application is deployed, a connectivity test is performed on all connectors. If set to `true`, deployment fails if the test doesn't pass after exhausting the associated reconnection strategy. |  | 
```

> | Key Store Type a| String |  The file format of the key store file. This is optional and default value is "JKS". |  JKS | 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Key Store Type a| String |  The file format of the key store file. This is optional and the default value is `JKS`. |  JKS | 
```

> | Key Store Password a| String |  The store password for the key store file. This is optional and only needed if "keyStoreLocation" is configured. |  | 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Key Store Password a| String |  The store password for the key store file. This is optional and needed only if `keyStoreLocation` is configured. |  | 
```

| Principal a| String |  Kerberos principal |  | x
| Keytab a| String |  Path to keytab file associated with "principal". |  | x
| Service Name a| String |  The Kerberos principal name that Kafka Broker runs as. |  | x
| Additional JAAS Properties a| Object |  Additional properties such as a key and value that you need to set in `sasl.jaas.config` and that you usually include in the JAAS configuration file. |  | 
|===
[[kafka-consumer-config_ssl-kafka-consumer-connection]]
===== Kafka SSL Consumer Connection

====== Parameters
[%header,cols="20s,20a,35a,20a,5a"]
|===
| Name | Type | Description | Default Value | Required
| Consumer Partitions a| Number |  The number of partitions to use for the consumer. |  1 | 
| Group Id a| String |  A unique string that identifies the consumer group this consumer belongs to. |  | x
| Bootstrap Servers a| String |  Comma-separated host-port pairs used for establishing the initial connection to the Kafka cluster. The same as the `bootstrap.servers` value you must provide to Kafka clients (producer/consumer). |  | x
| Additional Properties a| Object |  Additional properties such as a key and value that you need for your connection. |  | 

> | Reconnection a| <<Reconnection>> |  When the application is deployed, a connectivity test is performed on all connectors. If set to true, deployment fails if the test doesn't pass after exhausting the associated reconnection strategy. |  | 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Reconnection a| <<Reconnection>> |  When the application is deployed, a connectivity test is performed on all connectors. If set to `true`, deployment fails if the test doesn't pass after exhausting the associated reconnection strategy. |  | 
```

> | Key Store Type a| String |  The file format of the key store file. This is optional and default value is "JKS". |  JKS | 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Key Store Type a| String |  The file format of the key store file. This is optional and the default value is `JKS`. |  JKS | 
```

> | Key Store Password a| String |  The store password for the key store file. This is optional and only needed if "keyStoreLocation" is configured. |  | 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Key Store Password a| String |  The store password for the key store file. This is optional and needed only if `keyStoreLocation` is configured. |  | 
```

> | Key Store Location a| String |  The location of the key store file. This is optional and can be used for two-way authentication for connector. |  | 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Key Store Location a| String |  The location of the key store file. This is optional and can be used for two-way authentication for the connector. |  | 
```

| Trust Store Type a| String |  The file format of the trust store file. |  JKS | 
| Trust Store Password a| String |  The password for the trust store file. |  | x
| Trust Store Location a| String |  The location of the trust store file. |  | x
|===

==== Associated Sources
* <<consumer>> 

---
[[kafka-producer-config]]

> === Producer configuration

Reviewer: ```suggestion
=== Producer Configuration
```

==== Parameters
[%header,cols="20s,20a,35a,20a,5a"]
|===
| Name | Type | Description | Default Value | Required
|Name | String | The name for this configuration. Connectors reference the configuration with this name. | | x
| Connection a| * <<kafka-producer-config_basic-kafka-producer-connection, Kafka Basic Producer Connection>> 
* <<kafka-producer-config_kerberos-kafka-producer-connection, Kafka Kerberos Producer Connection>> 
* <<kafka-producer-config_kerberos-ssl-kafka-producer-connection, Kafka Kerberos SSL Producer Connection>> 
* <<kafka-producer-config_ssl-kafka-producer-connection, Kafka SSL Producer Connection>> 
 | The connection types to provide to this configuration. | | x

> | Expiration Policy a| <<ExpirationPolicy>> |  Configures the minimum amount of time that a dynamic configuration instance can remain idle before the runtime considers it eligible for expiration. This does not mean that the platform expires the instance at the exact moment that it becomes eligible. The runtime purges the instances when it sees fit. |  | 

Reviewer: The problem sentence again...
The runtime purges the instances when it sees fit.

I wonder what basis the runtime has for "seeing fit" to purge an instance? If we knew that, it would be easier to reword it. Mule runtime purges the instance the next time this thing happens.

====== Parameters
[%header,cols="20s,20a,35a,20a,5a"]
|===
| Name | Type | Description | Default Value | Required

> | Bootstrap Servers a| String |  Comma-separated host-port pairs used for establishing the initial connection to the Kafka cluster. The same as the `bootstrap.servers` value you must provide to Kafka clients (producer/consumer). |  | x

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Bootstrap Servers a| String |  Comma-separated host-port pairs used for establishing the initial connection to the Kafka cluster. The same as the `bootstrap.servers` value you must provide to Kafka clients (producer and consumer). |  | x
```

| Additional Properties a| Object |  Additional properties such as a key and value that you need for your connection. |  | 

> | Reconnection a| <<Reconnection>> |  When the application is deployed, a connectivity test is performed on all connectors. If set to true, deployment fails if the test doesn't pass after exhausting the associated reconnection strategy. |  | 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Reconnection a| <<Reconnection>> |  When the application is deployed, a connectivity test is performed on all connectors. If set to `true`, deployment fails if the test doesn't pass after exhausting the associated reconnection strategy. |  | 
```

|===
[[kafka-producer-config_kerberos-kafka-producer-connection]]
===== Kafka Kerberos Producer Connection

====== Parameters
[%header,cols="20s,20a,35a,20a,5a"]
|===
| Name | Type | Description | Default Value | Required
| Bootstrap Servers a| String |  Comma-separated host-port pairs used for establishing the initial connection to the Kafka cluster. The same as the `bootstrap.servers` value you must provide to Kafka clients (producer and consumer). |  | x
| Additional Properties a| Object |  Additional properties such as a key and value that you need for your connection. |  | 

> | Reconnection a| <<Reconnection>> |  When the application is deployed, a connectivity test is performed on all connectors. If set to true, deployment fails if the test doesn't pass after exhausting the associated reconnection strategy. |  | 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Reconnection a| <<Reconnection>> |  When the application is deployed, a connectivity test is performed on all connectors. If set to `true`, deployment fails if the test doesn't pass after exhausting the associated reconnection strategy. |  | 
```

| Kerberos Config File a| String |  Kerberos configuration file. The essential Kerberos configuration information is the default realm and the default KDC. |  | 
| Principal a| String |  Kerberos principal |  | x
| Keytab a| String |  Path to keytab file associated with "principal". |  | x
| Service Name a| String |  The Kerberos principal name that Kafka Broker runs as. |  | x
| Additional JAAS Properties a| Object |  Additional properties such as a key and value that you need to set in `sasl.jaas.config` and that you usually include in the JAAS configuration file. |  | 
|===

[[kafka-producer-config_kerberos-ssl-kafka-producer-connection]]
===== Kafka Kerberos SSL Producer Connection

====== Parameters
[%header,cols="20s,20a,35a,20a,5a"]
|===
| Name | Type | Description | Default Value | Required

> | Bootstrap Servers a| String |  Comma-separated host-port pairs used for establishing the initial connection to the Kafka cluster. The same as the `bootstrap.servers` value you must provide to Kafka clients (producer/consumer). |  | x

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Bootstrap Servers a| String |  Comma-separated host-port pairs used for establishing the initial connection to the Kafka cluster. The same as the `bootstrap.servers` value you must provide to Kafka clients (producer and consumer). |  | x
```

| Additional Properties a| Object |  Additional properties such as a key and value that you need for your connection. |  | 

> | Reconnection a| <<Reconnection>> |  When the application is deployed, a connectivity test is performed on all connectors. If set to true, deployment fails if the test doesn't pass after exhausting the associated reconnection strategy. |  | 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Reconnection a| <<Reconnection>> |  When the application is deployed, a connectivity test is performed on all connectors. If set to `true`, deployment fails if the test doesn't pass after exhausting the associated reconnection strategy. |  | 
```
I'm going to stop marking these to cut down on comments. You can S/R and also S/R produce/consumer -> producer and consumer

> | Key Store Type a| String |  The file format of the key store file. This is optional and default value is "JKS". |  JKS | 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Key Store Type a| String |  The file format of the key store file. This is optional and the default value is `JKS`. |  JKS | 
```

> | Key Store Password a| String |  The store password for the key store file. This is optional and only needed if "keyStoreLocation" is configured. |  | 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Key Store Password a| String |  The store password for the key store file. This is optional and needed only if `keyStoreLocation` is configured. |  | 
```

> | Key Store Location a| String |  The location of the key store file. This is optional and can be used for two-way authentication for connector. |  | 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Key Store Location a| String |  The location of the key store file. This is optional and can be used for two-way authentication for the connector. |  | 
```

| Trust Store Type a| String |  The file format of the trust store file. |  JKS | 
| Trust Store Password a| String |  The password for the trust store file. |  | x
| Trust Store Location a| String |  The location of the trust store file. |  | x
| Kerberos Config File a| String |  Kerberos configuration file. The essential Kerberos configuration information is the default realm and the default KDC. |  | 
| Principal a| String |  Kerberos principal |  | x
| Keytab a| String |  Path to keytab file associated with "principal". |  | x

> | Service Name a| String |  The Kerberos principal name that Kafka Broker runs as. |  | x

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Service Name a| String |  The Kerberos principal name that Kafka broker runs as. |  | x
```

| Additional JAAS Properties a| Object |  Additional properties such as a key and value that you need to set in `sasl.jaas.config` and that you usually include in the JAAS configuration file. |  | 
|===
[[kafka-producer-config_ssl-kafka-producer-connection]]
===== Kafka SSL Producer Connection

====== Parameters
[%header,cols="20s,20a,35a,20a,5a"]
|===
| Name | Type | Description | Default Value | Required
| Bootstrap Servers a| String |  Comma-separated host-port pairs used for establishing the initial connection to the Kafka cluster. The same as the `bootstrap.servers` value you must provide to Kafka clients (producer/consumer). |  | x
| Additional Properties a| Object |  Additional properties such as a key and value that you need for your connection. |  | 
| Reconnection a| <<Reconnection>> |  When the application is deployed, a connectivity test is performed on all connectors. If set to true, deployment fails if the test doesn't pass after exhausting the associated reconnection strategy. |  | 

> | Key Store Type a| String |  The file format of the key store file. This is optional and default value is "JKS". |  JKS | 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Key Store Type a| String |  The file format of the key store file. This is optional and the default value is `JKS`. |  JKS | 
```
I'm going to stop marking these too. S/R "JKS" -> `JKS`

> | Key Store Password a| String |  The store password for the key store file. This is optional and only needed if "keyStoreLocation" is configured. |  | 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Key Store Password a| String |  The store password for the key store file. This is optional and needed only  if `keyStoreLocation` is configured. |  | 
```
S/R "keyStoreLocation" -> `keyStoreLocation`

> | Key Store Location a| String |  The location of the key store file. This is optional and can be used for two-way authentication for connector. |  | 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Key Store Location a| String |  The location of the key store file. This is optional and can be used for two-way authentication for the connector. |  | 
```

| Trust Store Type a| String |  The file format of the trust store file. |  JKS | 
| Trust Store Password a| String |  The password for the trust store file. |  | x
| Trust Store Location a| String |  The location of the trust store file. |  | x
|===

== Supported Operations

* <<producer>> 

== Operations

[[producer]]
=== Publish Message
`<kafka:producer>`

Sends messages to a Kafka topic.

==== Parameters
[%header,cols="20s,20a,35a,20a,5a"]
|===
| Name | Type | Description | Default Value | Required
| Configuration | String | The name of the configuration to use. | | x
| Topic a| String |  Topic to send the message to |  | x
| Key a| String |  Key belonging to the message that is going to be sent |  | x
| Message a| Binary |  Message to be sent |  `#[payload]` | 
| Reconnection Strategy a| * <<reconnect>>
* <<reconnect-forever>> |  A retry strategy in case of connectivity errors |  | 
|===

==== For Configurations
* <<kafka-producer-config>> 

==== Throws

> * KAFKA:CONNECTIVITY 

Reviewer: Should these be tagged like code? 
`KAFKA:CONNECTIVITY`
etc

* KAFKA:RETRY_EXHAUSTED 
* KAFKA:UNABLE_TO_SEND_MESSAGE 
* KAFKA:UNKNOWN 
* KAFKA:VALIDATION 

== Sources

[[consumer]]
=== Message Consumer

`<kafka:consumer>`

Source that consumes messages from a given topic.

==== Parameters
[%header,cols="20s,20a,35a,20a,5a"]
|===
| Name | Type | Description | Default Value | Required
| Configuration | String | The name of the configuration to use. | | x
| Topic a| String |  Name of the topic to consume messages from. |  | x

> | Partition Offsets a| Array of <<Offset>> |  List of Offset representing partitions offsets configuration. For each element in the list you have to specify partition index and offset. |  | 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Partition Offsets a| Array of <<Offset>> |  List of Offsets representing partitions offsets configuration. For each element in the list you have to specify partition index and offset. |  | 
```
Again, I don't understand what "partitions offsets configuration" means

> | Primary Node Only a| Boolean |  Whether this source should only be executed on the primary node when running in a cluster |  | 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Primary Node Only a| Boolean |  Whether this source should be executed only on the primary node when running in a cluster. |  | 
```

| Streaming Strategy a| * <<repeatable-in-memory-stream>>
* <<repeatable-file-store-stream>>
* non-repeatable-stream |  Configure to use repeatable streams. |  | 

> | Redelivery Policy a| <<RedeliveryPolicy>> |  Defines a policy for processing the redelivery of the same message |  | 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Redelivery Policy a| <<RedeliveryPolicy>> |  Defines a policy for processing the redelivery of the same message. |  | 
```

| Reconnection Strategy a| * <<reconnect>>

> * <<reconnect-forever>> |  A retry strategy in case of connectivity errors |  | 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* <<reconnect-forever>> |  A retry strategy in case of connectivity errors. |  | 
```

| Fails Deployment a| Boolean | When the application is deployed, a connectivity test is performed on all connectors. If set to true, deployment fails if the test doesn't pass after exhausting the associated reconnection strategy. |  | 
| Reconnection Strategy a| * <<reconnect>>
* <<reconnect-forever>> | The reconnection strategy to use. |  | 
|===

[[reconnect]]
=== Reconnect

[%header,cols="20s,25a,30a,15a,10a"]
|===
| Field | Type | Description | Default Value | Required
| Frequency a| Number | How often to reconnect (in milliseconds). | |
| Count a| Number | The number of reconnection attempts to make. | |
| blocking |Boolean |If false, the reconnection strategy runs in a separate, non-blocking thread. |true |
|===

[[reconnect-forever]]
=== Reconnect Forever

[%header,cols="20s,25a,30a,15a,10a"]
|===
| Field | Type | Description | Default Value | Required
| Frequency a| Number | How often in milliseconds to reconnect. | |
| blocking |Boolean |If false, the reconnection strategy runs in a separate, non-blocking thread. |true |
|===

[[ExpirationPolicy]]
=== Expiration Policy

[%header,cols="20s,25a,30a,15a,10a"]
|===
| Field | Type | Description | Default Value | Required

> | Max Idle Time a| Number | A scalar time value for the maximum amount of time a dynamic configuration instance should be allowed to be idle before it's considered eligible for expiration. |  | 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Max Idle Time a| Number | A scalar time value for the maximum amount of time a dynamic configuration instance is allowed to remain idle before it's considered eligible for expiration. |  | 
```

** SECONDS
** MINUTES
** HOURS

> ** DAYS | A time unit that qualifies the maxIdleTime attribute. |  | 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
** DAYS | A time unit that qualifies the `maxIdleTime` attribute. |  | 
```

|===

[[KafkaMessageAttributes]]
=== Kafka Message Attributes

[%header,cols="20s,25a,30a,15a,10a"]
|===
| Field | Type | Description | Default Value | Required
| Topic a| String |  |  | x
| Key a| String |  |  | x
| Partition a| Number |  |  | x
| Offset a| Number |  |  | x
|===

[[Offset]]
=== Offset

[%header,cols="20s,25a,30a,15a,10a"]
|===
| Field | Type | Description | Default Value | Required
| Partition Number a| String |  |  | 
| Partition Offset a| String |  |  | 
|===

[[repeatable-in-memory-stream]]
=== Repeatable In Memory Stream

[%header,cols="20s,25a,30a,15a,10a"]
|===
| Field | Type | Description | Default Value | Required

> | Initial Buffer Size a| Number | The amount of memory that will be allocated to consume the stream and provide random access to it. If the stream contains more data than can be fit into this buffer, then the buffer expands according to the bufferSizeIncrement attribute, with an upper limit of maxInMemorySize. |  | 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Initial Buffer Size a| Number | The amount of memory allocated to provide random access to and consume the stream. If the stream contains more data than can fit into this buffer, then the buffer expands according to the `bufferSizeIncrement` attribute, with an upper limit of `maxInMemorySize`. |  | 
```

> | Buffer Size Increment a| Number | This is by how much the buffer size expands if it exceeds its initial size. Setting a value of zero or lower means that the buffer should not expand, and to raise a STREAM_MAXIMUM_SIZE_EXCEEDED error if the buffer gets full. |  | 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Buffer Size Increment a| Number | This amount the buffer size expands if it exceeds its initial size. Setting a value of zero or lower means that the buffer should not expand, and to raise a `STREAM_MAXIMUM_SIZE_EXCEEDED` error if the buffer gets full. |  | 
```

> | Max Buffer Size a| Number | The maximum amount of memory to use. If more than that is used then a STREAM_MAXIMUM_SIZE_EXCEEDED error is raised. A value lower than or equal to zero means no limit. |  | 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Max Buffer Size a| Number | The maximum amount of memory to use before a `STREAM_MAXIMUM_SIZE_EXCEEDED` error is raised. A value lower than or equal to zero means there is no maximum limit. |  | 
```

Author: I think the correction is incorrect. According the current text, if set to zero or less, means the buffer should not expand. Your correction of no maximum limit doesn't seem correct.

| Buffer Unit a| Enumeration, one of:

** BYTE
** KB
** MB
** GB | The unit in which all these attributes are expressed. |  | 
|===

[[repeatable-file-store-stream]]
=== Repeatable File Store Stream

[%header,cols="20s,25a,30a,15a,10a"]
|===
| Field | Type | Description | Default Value | Required
| Max In Memory Size a| Number | Defines the maximum memory that the stream should use to keep data in memory. If more than that is consumed then it will start to buffer the content on disk. |  | 
| Buffer Unit a| Enumeration, one of:

** BYTE
** KB
** MB

> ** GB | The unit in which maxInMemorySize is expressed |  | 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
** GB | The unit in which `maxInMemorySize` is expressed |  | 
```

|===

[[RedeliveryPolicy]]
=== Redelivery Policy

[%header,cols="20s,25a,30a,15a,10a"]
|===
| Field | Type | Description | Default Value | Required

> | Max Redelivery Count a| Number | The maximum number of times a message can be redelivered and processed unsuccessfully before triggering process-failed-message |  | 

Reviewer: Is the message actually process-failed-message?
If so, `process-failed-message`

Author: I think it's really process-failed message.

| Use Secure Hash a| Boolean | Whether to use a secure hash algorithm to identify a redelivered message. |  | 

> | Message Digest Algorithm a| String | The secure hashing algorithm to use. If not set, the default is SHA-256. |  | 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Message Digest Algorithm a| String | The secure hashing algorithm to use. If not set, the default is `SHA-256`. |  | 
```
